This app will be for finding events by location. 
You will be able to filter the event list by city.
You will be able to adjust how many events will be listed. 
It will show and hide extra information about events.
It will have charts showing the number of upcoming events by city.
It will be serverless. 
It will be a PWA for instant loading, offline support and push notifications.
It will have an "add to home screen prompt
It will be cross-platform compatible

I will be developing this with TDD and BDD in mind. 
This will be a React application
The app will use Google Calendar API and OAuth2 for authentication flow.
It will work on the latest versions of: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Edge, Opera, IE11.
It will work on all screen sizes.



FEATURE 2: SHOW/HIDE AN EVENT'S DETAILS
Scenario 1: An event element is collapsed by default

Given user hasn’t selected an event 
When the user opens event lists
Then the user should see a list of events with/without city filter

Scenario 2: User can expand an event to see its details

Given user finds an event they are interested in
When user clicks/taps on event
Then the user will see more information on the event

Scenario 3: User can collapse an event to hide its details

Given user is done reading information on chosen event
When user clicks/taps on event again
Then the user will see just the event list again.



FEATURE 3: SPECIFY NUMBER OF EVENTS
Scenario 1: When user hasn’t specified a number, 32 is the default number

Given user hasn’t specified the number of events to view
When user opens event list
Then the user will see 32 events as default

Scenario 2: User can change the number of events they want to see

Given the user selects a number for amount of events to show
When user clicks/taps on event list filter
Then the user should see a shortened/lengthened list of events.

FEATURE 4: USE THE APP WHEN OFFLINE
Scenario 1: Show cached data when there’s no internet connection

Given user opens app
When user is without internet connection
Then the user will see events stored in cached data

Scenario 2: Show error when user changes the settings (city, time range)

Given user views list of events without internet
When the user tries to filter data not already cached
Then error shows 

FEATURE 5: DATA VISUALIZATION
Scenario 1: Show a chart with the number of upcoming events in each city

Given list of events are shown to the user
When the user opens app and filters to a city of there choice
Then a list of events in chosen city is displayed on their screen
